Absolutely. Here's a breakdown of what each IBM LSF configuration file typically contains and what it controls. Understanding this helps you ensure each one is optimized and well-structured:


---

1. lsf.conf – Global LSF Environment Settings

This is the main environment configuration file and is sourced by all LSF daemons and tools.

Key contents:

Paths and environment variables:

LSF_ENVDIR, LSF_SERVERDIR, LSF_LOGDIR, etc.


Cluster name:

LSF_CLUSTER_NAME


Logging levels and behavior:

LSF_LOG_MASK, LSF_LOGDIR


Daemon control:

LSF_LIM_PORT, LSF_RES_PORT, LSF_MBD_PORT


Licensing info (if applicable)

Scheduler tuning:

MBD_SLEEP_TIME, SCHEDULER_INTERVAL



Goal: Define the LSF runtime environment and system-wide behavior.


---

2. lsf.cluster.<cluster_name> – Cluster-Wide Host Definitions

Defines the hosts in your LSF cluster, including which ones act as master or slave.

Key contents:

Hostnames and roles (e.g., master, slave)

Host types and models (e.g., x86_64, intel)

Default resource configurations (optional)


Example:

Begin   Host
HOST_NAME      model    type   server   RESOURCES
lsf-master     X86_64   linux  1        (lsfmaster)
compute001     X86_64   linux  1        (compute)
End     Host

Goal: Define which machines are part of the cluster and what roles/resources they play.


---

3. lsb.queues – Queue Definitions and Job Control Policies

Controls job queues, limits, scheduling, and policies.

Key contents:

Queue names and host assignments

Priority levels and fairshare settings

Job slot limits, runtime limits, thresholds

Preemption, backfilling, and job acceptance rules

Default job resource requirements


Goal: Define how jobs are submitted, scheduled, prioritized, and managed.


---

4. lsb.hosts – Per-Host Job Control Settings

Overrides or augments the default cluster settings per host.

Key contents:

Host-level resource availability (slots, memory, custom resources)

Job concurrency limits

Load thresholds for job dispatch


Goal: Fine-tune job behavior on a per-host basis (e.g., limit max jobs per host).


---

5. lsb.resources – Custom Resource Types and Tags

Defines resource names, types, usage rules, and units.

Key contents:

Boolean, numeric, or string resources

Dynamic vs static attributes

How LSF queries or calculates the resource


Example:

rusage[mem]
type    Numeric
interval 15
description  "Memory in MB"

Goal: Allow jobs to request meaningful, schedulable resources (e.g., memory, GPU, licenses).


---

6. ego.conf – (Optional) Platform EGO Configuration

If you're using Platform EGO (Enterprise Grid Orchestrator) as the resource management layer beneath LSF, this file configures it.

Key contents:

Cluster and consumer topology

Resource allocation policies

Component settings for EGO daemons

Logging and failover


Goal: Control advanced scheduling and resource allocation (e.g., for mixed workloads, containers, YARN).


---

Would you like a checklist of best practices for each of these files, or a sample config bundle to compare with?

