hThanks for sharing the details. The job you’re submitting is getting deprioritized due to low job efficiency, which is commonly caused by how well your job utilizes requested resources (especially CPU and memory). Here are concrete steps to improve your job’s efficiency:


---

1. Analyze Past Job Efficiency

Run:

bjobs -l <job_id>

or

bhist -l <job_id>

Look for:

CPU time vs. wall-clock time

Memory usage vs. requested (rusage[mem=10240])


If your job is:

Using less CPU than requested: it will be marked inefficient.

Using significantly less memory: same issue.



---

2. Improve CPU Utilization

In your command:

pvs -lsf -mp 8 -mt 6 ...

You're:

Requesting 8 CPUs (-n 8)

Using 8 CPUs for multiprocessor (-mp 8)

Using 6 threads (-mt 6)


Suggestions:

Set -mp and -mt so they actually match what the tool can utilize.

If pvs internally can’t use 8 cores effectively, requesting 8 will harm efficiency.


Try:

Reduce -n 8 to -n 4

Adjust -mp 4 -mt 4

Or test -mp 6 -mt 3 and see what combination gives better CPU usage.



---

3. Check Memory Usage

You’re requesting 10 GB per CPU:

rusage[mem=10240]

So for 8 CPUs, it's 80 GB total. If you’re only using 20 GB in practice, the system sees this as inefficiency.

Suggestion:

Run a few test jobs with mem=2048 or mem=4096 and monitor them using bjobs -l or lsfmon.



---

4. License Check Delays

This part:

bsub -E 'check_licenses ... -wait 60 -e' ...

Adds potential 60-second delays just waiting for licenses — during this time, your job may not be using any CPU, harming efficiency.

Suggestion:

If you can, do license checks before submitting to LSF, or shorten the -wait window.



---

5. Use Job Tags or Special Queues (if available)

Check with your sysadmin if there's a priority queue for smaller jobs or options like:

-sp <priority> (if enabled)

Run during off-peak hours

Submit smaller, shorter jobs that finish fast and efficiently



---

6. Efficiency Workaround (Last Resort)

If all else fails and you’re getting consistently deprioritized, try:

Running at night

Reducing resource requests further

Splitting the job into smaller ones (per cell, per block, etc.)



---

Would you like help profiling your current job’s actual resource usage to fine-tune the values? I can guide you through it.

