Auto Inferno is a one stop portal for license installation and many more. This portal helps user to install new licenses into the production server with fast and seamless way. 

Usability of the portal:
1. Install new licenses:
Step1: Visit the Auto Inferno dashboard autoinferno.com
step2: Select vendor, server, operation, upload new license files (txt format) and add comments.
step3: Submit your request to initiate the process or reset selected fields if needed.
step4: The portal generates an updated license file based on your choices above:
How updated license file is generated:
-First three lines SERVER/USE_SERVER/DAEMON/VENDOR remain unchanged.
- For Merge requests, existing FEATURES are retained and new FEATURES are appended.
- For Replace requests, all contents below the DAEMON line are replaced with new FEATURES.
Step 5: Once the updated license file is generated, the portal compares the FEATURES difference between the existing and updated files, displaying the details on the dashboard.
Step 6: If not satisfied with the comparison, click the ABORT button to log and abort the request; otherwise, submit to push the updated file to the production server.

2. Change Logs:
step1: Track changes easily by visiting the Change Log page at autoinferno/change-log.
step2: Each log provides essential details such as 
-Vendor : Vendor name
-Server : Server name
-DateTime started : Request submission time
-DateTime completed : Request completion time
-Files : Provide option to view and download existing, new, updated and comparison files with feature to visualize side by side comparison of the existing file and updated file.


3. Check Features Expiry:
step1: Use Auto Inferno's Expiry page at autoinferno/expiry to monitor feature expirations:
step2: Feature Expiry is classified into two categories:

 - Critical: Features about to expire within 15 days without redundant licenses identified.
 - Non-Critical: Features based on user-defined criteria like expiry interval, Vendor, and Server selections.

4. Master List:
step1: Admins can easily manage records on the Master List page, ensuring accurate and up-to-date information.
step2: Admins have the power to add, update, or delete records quickly.
5. License Access:
step1: Users can swiftly access licenses by entering details on the License Access page, simplifying the licensing process.
step2: Users can enter AID, select Vendor and Server to swiftly gain access to a license.

6. Charts:
step1: Navigate to the Auto Inferno Charts page for insightful visualizations.
step2: View statistics on number of regions, servers, and vendors available.
step3: Pie chart visualization showcasing server count by regions and all vendor or specific vendor count by regions
step4: Bar chart comparisons displaying vendor distribution across different regions.
